hello my name is Bob Shaw I'm with High
River Toyota we're here today to look at
the new 2014 4 runner limited package
with the 4runner the limited package a
lot of things are gonna come standard on
it and we'll just go through a few
things with it so this is a 4 liter v6
you'll find this motor in both the
4runner and Tacoma truck and also the FJ
basically this 4runner is built on a
truck chassis which is real true time
four-wheel drive when you go to a
limited the four-wheel drive system on
it works a little bit different than
what doesn't some of the other models
this for example is a full-time
four-wheel drive at all times it does
have a mode where you can put it into
four-wheel with rear wheels lock on it
it's rated at 30 miles per gallon on the
highway and 22 in town these are
Canadian miles per gallon
it also has 270 horsepower and 278
foot-pounds of torque one nice thing
Tora did this year is it made the block
heater in a different situation what
they've done here is you actually have
an external cord to plug your block
heater into and that will stop anything
from flopping around or making any
difference like that on the 2014 4
runner a lot of the stuff is going to
come standard in this particular package
you get the front sensors on it he also
comes with 20-inch wheels also on the
limited when you get a full-size spare
tire which comes with the matching alloy
wheel you also get the running boards
you also get the splash guards all these
things including the block heater come
straight from the factory being on the
truck chassis it automatically comes
with the hitch and the wiring this
vehicle has a towing capacity of 5,000
pounds automatically comes standard with
an upgraded alternator and the
transmission cooler so it's ready for
hauling unique on the 4runners you'll
notice at the back here your wipers
actually built up in here with a spoiler
on the back it makes a lot of the dust
come off the back of the windshield
another unique feature for the 4runners
is this back window is a power window
which will come completely down so if
you ever have instance to haul something
really long you can actually put the
window down this particular vehicle they
come in the limited to come either five
passenger seating or set
pather seating this one is a seven
passenger seating I just wanted to show
you how the rear seats work you'll
notice that if you need extra cargo
space but you don't but you only need
six passenger seating and it's available
with the split seat back here to give
you both room for luggage in the back
and an extra person or when not in use
you can always fold it down flat the
only difference between this and a five
passenger to the five fashion it gives
you a little bit more height in here as
there's no seats down inside the 2014 4
runner limited some of the nice comfort
creatures are they've got all four
windows or automatically all the way
down or you just touch them they go down
by themself also has to position memory
seats if you have a couple of different
size drivers driving the vehicle comes
in very handy one other thing this
vehicle is equipped with is a 110 outlet
in it if you need to recharge your
laptop or anything like that you have
the ability to do that in this vehicle
parking sensors or your sonar is also
has the ability to turn it on or off
some people don't like it wonder when it
starts beeping all the time so you do
have the ability to shut it off on the
steering wheel itself it's got your
Bluetooth controls and it's got your
radio controls all in front you'll
notice on the dash is very nice blue
blue lighting in the dash so it's not
too harsh on your driving in the evening
okay you also have a navigation system
with all the limited's it's a 6.1 inch
display but also notice that it is your
backup camera at the same time of course
the vehicles got your climate controlled
air conditioning heated seats are a
little bit nicer in this vehicle it's
actually got a heated and a cooled seat
and it's a variable heated seat or
cooled so it's not just a matter of a
hot or hotter set the stereo system and
this is one of the nicest area systems
you find in any of our toyota products
it comes with a 15 speaker system in it
and also has a subwoofer in the back
hello once again it's Bob Shaw from High
River Toyota 20 minutes south of Calgary
Alberta Canada be sure to call us at 403
six five two one three six five you can
also like us on Facebook or follow us on
Twitter or you can visit us at High
River Toyota dot CA thank you very much
for listening